docs: add additional Docker install instructions (#468)
determined-ai/determined: docs/how-to/installation/docker.txt

-----------------

#. :ref:`Install Docker <install-docker>` on all machines in the

>    cluster. If the agent instances have GPUs, ensure that the :ref:`Nvidia

Reviewer: non-blocking: Hmm, I know I included it in my suggestion, but "instance" looks weird to me now that I see it; that's more closely associated in my head with cloud providers, which is not necessarily the context a user will be working in. Not sure how that comes across generally, though.

Author: Not sure either, but I'm now preferring "machine" rather than "instance"

   Container Toolkit <validate-nvidia-container-toolkit>` on each one is
   working as expected.

#. Pull the official Docker image for PostgreSQL. We recommend using the
   version listed below.

   .. code::

      docker pull postgres:10

   This image is not provided by Determined AI; please see `its Docker Hub page
   <https://hub.docker.com/_/postgres>`_ for more information.

#. Pull the Docker image for the master or agent on each instance where these
   services will run. There is a single master container running in a
   :ref:`Determined cluster <det-system-architecture>`, and typically there is
   one agent container per compute instance. A single instance can host both the

>    master container and an agent container. Replace ``VERSION`` with a valid

Reviewer: blocking: Start off with "Run the commands below, replacing..." or similar.

   Determined version, such as the current version, |version|:

   .. code::

      docker pull determinedai/determined-master:VERSION
      docker pull determinedai/determined-agent:VERSION

#. Assuming you are running multiple containerized services on the Determined
   master instance, optionally create the ``determined`` network that we will
   use in the service startup commands below:

   .. code::

      docker network create determined

Configuring and Starting the Cluster
------------------------------------

PostgreSQL
~~~~~~~~~~
The following command starts the PostgreSQL container on the master instance
using the ``determined`` network created above:

.. code::

   docker run \
       --name determined-db \
       --network determined \
       -p 5432:5432 \
       -v determined_db:/var/lib/postgresql/data \
       -e POSTGRES_DB=determined \
       -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=<DB password> \
       postgres:10

> If the master container will connect to PostgreSQL via Docker networking,

Reviewer: non-blocking: I'm not sure "container" is necessary all of the times it shows up; the distinction between the program and the container is smaller and less important than the distinction between them and the machine, and it gets a bit repetitive having them all there.

(Also, in this and some other cases, not having "container" would sound strictly better; here, for example, it's not the container making the connection so much as the program inside it.)

Author: Got rid of a few superfluous container / instance mentions

exposing port 5432 via the ``-p`` argument isn't necessary;  however, you may
still want to expose it for administrative or debugging purposes. In order to
expose the port only on the master instance's loopback network interface, pass

> ``-p 127.0.0.1:5432:5432``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``-p 127.0.0.1:5432:5432`` instead of ``-p 5432:5432``.
```

   .. code::

>       docker pull postgres:10.8

Reviewer: blocking: Just leave this at the major version.

      docker pull postgres:10.8
      docker pull hasura/graphql-engine:v1.1.0

   These images are not provided by Determined AI; please see their
   respective Docker Hub pages (`PostgreSQL
   <https://hub.docker.com/_/postgres>`_, `Hasura
   <https://hub.docker.com/r/hasura/graphql-engine>`_) for more
   information.

> 

Reviewer: non-blocking: Undo.

      docker pull determinedai/determined-master:VERSION
      docker pull determinedai/determined-agent:VERSION

#. Assuming you are running multiple containerized services on the Determined

>    master, optionally create the ``determined`` network that we will use in the

Reviewer: blocking: I think it would be helpful to distinguish "master" (the machine) from "master" (the program), probably by saying "master node/machine/instance" (pick one) or something when you mean the former.

Author: Done; I added a bunch of distinction between master / agent "instance" and "container" throughout

   service startup commands below:

   .. code::

      docker network create determined

Configuring and Starting the Cluster
------------------------------------

PostgreSQL and Hasura
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The following commands start PostgreSQL and Hasura in containers on the master
and use the ``determined`` network created above.

> Start PostgreSQL on the master:

Reviewer: non-blocking: Can probably remove this and the next instance of "on the master", since it's clear from context.

.. code::

   docker run \
       --name determined-db \
       --network determined \
       -p 127.0.0.1:5432:5432 \
       -v determined_db:/var/lib/postgresql/data \
       -e POSTGRES_DB=determined \
       -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=<DB password> \

>        postgres:10.8

Reviewer: `postgres:10`

Start Hasura on the master:

.. code::

   docker run \
       --name hasura \
       --network determined \

>        -p 127.0.0.1:8081:8080 \

Author: I left as is (but removed loopback) but added a note on loopback and port exposure.  Some folks may still want to expose postgres for external factors like debugging

   docker rm "$id"

Then edit the ``master.yaml`` configuration file as appropriate and start the
master container with the edited configuration:

.. code::

   docker run \
       -v "$PWD"/master.yaml:/etc/determined/master.yaml \
       determinedai/determined-master:VERSION

To start the master container with environment variables instead of a
configuration file:

.. code::

   docker run \
       --name determined-master \
       --network determined \
       -p 8080:8080 \
       -e DET_DB_HOST=determined-db \
       -e DET_DB_NAME=determined \
       -e DET_DB_PORT=5432 \
       -e DET_DB_USER=postgres \
       -e DET_DB_PASSWORD=<DB password> \
       determinedai/determined-master:VERSION

Note that this references the PostgreSQL container running on the ``determined``
Docker network created above. If you are running PostgreSQL externally, specify
the hostname for the PostgreSQL server in place of ``determined-db``.

> In order to limit the port 8080 exposure from applying to all network interfaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to prevent the master from listening on port 8080 on all network interfaces
```

.. code::

   docker run \
       -v "$PWD"/master.yaml:/etc/determined/master.yaml \
       determinedai/determined-master:VERSION

To start the master with environment variables instead of a configuration file:

.. code::

   docker run \
       --name determined-master \
       --network determined \

>        -p 127.0.0.1:8080:8080 \

Reviewer: It prevents Docker from punching a hole in your firewall unexpectedly. This came from a doc I had for local development, where it definitely made sense; since this is for more general installation and the master might need to be accessible from outside, there should also be a note about doing it the other way in that case.

>        -p 127.0.0.1:8080:8080 \

Author: changed to `8080:8080` and added a note on this below

       -e DET_DB_HOST=determined-db \
       -e DET_DB_NAME=determined \
       -e DET_DB_PORT=5432 \
       -e DET_DB_USER=postgres \
       -e DET_DB_PASSWORD=<DB password> \
       -e DET_HASURA_SECRET=<Hasura secret> \
       -e DET_HASURA_ADDRESS=hasura:8080 \
       determinedai/determined-master:VERSION

Note that this references the PostgreSQL and Hasura containers running on
``determined`` Docker network created above. If you are running PostgreSQL
externally, specify the hostname for the PostgreSQL server in place of
``determined-db``.

Determined Agents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> As is the case for the master, Determined agent :ref:`configuration values

Reviewer: blocking: Add a target for the agent section of the config page and link directly there.

Author: added links for master and agent config sections

<cluster-configuration>` can come from a file, environment variables, or
command-line arguments. To get a default configuration file for the agent,
which contains a listing of the available options and descriptions for them,
run:

.. code::

>     id="$(docker create determinedai/determined-agent:VERSION)"

Reviewer: blocking: The Docker image isn't actually built to contain a config file right now. That should probably be changed, though. Or just put in a link to the repo or something.

Author: I left this as is because it worked in my testing (for master and agent).  You don't think it should work?

Reviewer: It's changed since the last release.

Author: Got it, changed to link to github rather than pull from our images

    docker cp "$id":/etc/determined/agent.yaml .
    docker rm "$id"

Then edit the ``agent.yaml`` configuration file as appropriate and start the
agent with the edited configuration:

.. code::

    docker run \
        -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
        -v "$PWD"/agent.yaml:/etc/determined/agent.yaml \
        determinedai/determined-agent:VERSION

Note that the agent container must bind mount the host's Docker daemon socket.

> This allows the ``determinedai/determined-agent`` container to orchestrate the

Reviewer: blocking: Just "allows the agent to orchestrate".

containers that execute trials and other tasks.

> If you are providing arguments to the container (e.g.,
> ``--master-port`` container argument as opposed to the ``DET_MASTER_PORT``
> environment variable), the agent requires ``run`` as the first argument, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are providing command-line arguments to the agent (e.g., using
``--master-port`` as opposed to the ``DET_MASTER_PORT`` environment variable),
``run`` must be provided as the first argument:
```

.. code::

    docker run \
        -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
        -v "$PWD"/agent.yaml:/etc/determined/agent.yaml \
        determinedai/determined-agent:VERSION \
        run --master-port=8080

To start an agent with environment variables instead of a configuration file:

.. code::

   docker run \
       --name determined-agent \
       --network determined \
       -e DET_MASTER_HOST=determined-master \
       -e DET_MASTER_PORT=8080 \
       determinedai/determined-agent:VERSION

Note that if an agent is running on the same machine as the master, you may use

> ``determined-master`` as the ``DET_MASTER_HOST``.

Reviewer: non-blocking: Add something like "(or whatever the name of the master container is)".

> Finally, if you are providing arguments to the container (e.g.,

Reviewer: blocking: This is duplicated.
